{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20940\viewh8680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0   1 This software and database is being provided to you, the LICENSEE, by  \
  2 Princeton University under the following license.  By obtaining, using  \
  3 and/or copying this software and database, you agree that you have  \
  4 read, understood, and will comply with these terms and conditions.:  \
  5   \
  6 Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and  \
  7 database and its documentation for any purpose and without fee or  \
  8 royalty is hereby granted, provided that you agree to comply with  \
  9 the following copyright notice and statements, including the disclaimer,  \
  10 and that the same appear on ALL copies of the software, database and  \
  11 documentation, including modifications that you make for internal  \
  12 use or for distribution.  \
  13   \
  14 WordNet 3.0 Copyright 2006 by Princeton University.  All rights reserved.  \
  15   \
  16 THIS SOFTWARE AND DATABASE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND PRINCETON  \
  17 UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR  \
  18 IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PRINCETON  \
  19 UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT-  \
  20 ABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE  \
  21 OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, DATABASE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT  \
  22 INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR  \
  23 OTHER RIGHTS.  \
  24   \
  25 The name of Princeton University or Princeton may not be used in  \
  26 advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software  \
  27 and/or database.  Title to copyright in this software, database and  \
  28 any associated documentation shall at all times remain with  \
  29 Princeton University and LICENSEE agrees to preserve same.  \
00014285 02 r 03 well b considerably 1 substantially 1 002 \\ 00625055 a 0302 \\ 00624026 a 0201 | to a great extent or degree; "I'm afraid the film was well over budget"; "painting the room white made it seem considerably (or substantially) larger"; "the house has fallen considerably in value"; "the price went up substantially"  \
00014616 02 r 01 well c 001 ! 00014738 r 0101 | with skill or in a pleasing manner; "she dances well"; "he writes well"  \
00014738 02 r 01 badly c 001 ! 00014616 r 0101 | without skill or in a displeasing manner; "she writes badly"; "I think he paints very badly"\
}